Uh-huh.
Ah!
How come?
Do you hear me?
I don't want to die!
Don't panic
It was just an earthquake caused by a volcanic eruption in the island country
It doesn't have much impact on us.
Wow! The earthquake stopped.
What's going on?
Did the volcano in the island country really erupt?
That's not possible.
He is a liar
He developed the robot.
How is it possible to predict earthquakes?
No, there was indeed an earthquake just now.
And with Qin Feng
And the time predicted by Patriarch Qin
Basically the same
Yeah, about the same.
How accurate!
Yeah dad won
Xiaoxue
Dad won
But necessary
The money always has to be back to you, right?
Are we really blaming him?
Genius is just a coincidence
Do you really believe in Kim Saburo?
The facts are already in front of you
Is that still relevant?
What's the world if you don't see it with your own eyes?
Debon quickly called back to the knife country
I want to personally confirm that the mortals of Saber Country Volcano are safe
Can't get through. Yes.
What's possible?
Why not?
You've had volcanic eruptions.
Very likely
Everyone you contacted has died in the fire
So of course the phone doesn't get through
No fight, no nonsense
Teacher, we fiddle
The volcano did erupt.